{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf510
{\fonttbl\f0\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri720

\f0\fs24 \cf0 INSTALLING DERBY DATABASE\
\
In the derby unzipped folder find folder bin and click \'93startNetworkServer\'94\
\
Open Database Development perspective\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri720
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 1.	Right click on Database Connections Select New\
2.	Select Derby and give it a name \'93HibernateConnection\'94, click OK\
3.	Specify driver details, by clicking little round symbol "New Driver Definition"\
4.	Select Derby client JDBC\
5.	Open tab Jar list\
6.	Click Add Jar, and navigate to derby unzipped folder "lib" and select "derbyclient.jar"\
7.	Remove the old jar file \
8.	Open properties tab\
9.	Copy the URL and Driver Class to the notepad and click OK\
10.	Give the name to the database "HibernateDb"\
11.	Give the new password, can select "Save password"\
12.	Click on test connection "Ping succeeded"\
13.	Copy new connection URL to notepad\
14.	Click finish\
15.	\
16.	\
17.	INSTALLING HIBERNATE\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li360\ri720
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li360\ri720
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 Creating USER LIBRARY:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li360\ri720
\cf0 \ulnone \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri720
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 18.	Go preferences and type user\
19.	 Select User Libraries from Java Build path\
20.	Select New and give name \'93Hibernate3.0\'94, click OK\
21.	Click add jars, and make sure Hibernate3.0 is ALWAYS SELECTED before you add JAR\
22.	 Jar files to ADD list:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-360\ri720
\ls3\ilvl0\cf0 \'95	derbyclient.jar - C:\\db-derby-10.6.1.0-bin\\db-derby-10.6.1.0-bin\\lib\
\'95	hibernate3.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-distribution-3.3.2.GA\
\'95	antlr-2.7.6.jar \'96 ..\\..\\hibernate-distribution-3.3.2.GA\\lib\\required\
\'95	common-collections-3.1.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-distribution-3.3.2.GA\\lib\\required\
\'95	dom4j-1.6.1.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-distribution-3.3.2.GA\\lib\\required\
\'95	javassist-3.9.0.GA.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-distribution-3.3.2.GA\\lib\\required\
\'95	jta-1.1.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-distribution-3.3.2.GA\\lib\\required\
\'95	slf4j-api-1.5.8.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-distribution-3.3.2.GA\\lib\\required\
\'95	cglib-2.2.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-distribution-3.3.2.GA\\lib\\bytecode\\cglib\
\'95	hibernate-annotations.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-annotations-3.4.0.GA\\\
\'95	ejb3-persistence.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-annotations-3.4.0.GA\\lib\
\'95	hibernate-commons-annotations.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-annotations-3.4.0.GA\\lib\
\'95	log4j.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-annotations-3.4.0.GA\\lib\\test\
\'95	slf4j-log4j12.jar - ..\\..\\hibernate-annotations-3.4.0.GA\\lib\\test\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 \
Click OK\
\
Adding The Libraries To Project\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri720
\ls4\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Go to Java Perspective and right click on the project\
{\listtext	2.	}Select Properties, Select Java Build Path\
{\listtext	3.	}Select Libraries, Click Add Library\
{\listtext	4.	}Select User Library, Click next\
{\listtext	5.	}Select User library just created "Hibernate3.0"\
{\listtext	6.	}Click Finish\
{\listtext	7.	}Click OK\
\pard\tx566\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 \
\
Configuration between HIBERNATE and DATABASE\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri720
\ls5\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Go to Derby distribution folder, go to Projects folder\
{\listtext	2.	}go to Tutorials folder, goto web folder, goto src folder, goto main folder, resources\
{\listtext	3.	}..\\..\\projects\\tutorials\\web\\src\\main\\resources\\\
{\listtext	4.	}Copy "hibernate.cfg.xml" and "log4j.properties" \
{\listtext	5.	}in Eclipse, right click on the source folder in the project\
{\listtext	6.	}Click Paste\
{\listtext	7.	}OPEN "hibernate.cfg.xml"\
{\listtext	8.	}Click on source\
{\listtext	9.	}Change connection.driver_class value to our saved one\
{\listtext	10.	}Change connection.url value to our saved one\
{\listtext	11.	}Change connection.username value to our saved one\
{\listtext	12.	}Change connection.password value to our saved one\
{\listtext	13.	}Change dialect value to one which can be found in user library "Hibernate3.0" (org.hibernate.dialect), so it would read: "org.hibernate.dialect.DerbyDialect"\
{\listtext	14.	}Change "current_session_context_class" value to "thread"\
{\listtext	15.	}Comment out properties "hbm2dll.auto" , mapping resource ones\
{\listtext	16.	}For commenting out just select these three lines and select comment out\
{\listtext	17.	}Click Save All\
{\listtext	18.	}\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri720
\cf0 \
}